fix a broken link in MDM-setup section (#19756)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Configuration/fleet-server-configuration.md

> The [`server_private_key` configuration option](#server_private_key) is required for macOS MDM features.

> > The Apple Push Notification service (APNs), Simple Certificate Enrollment Protocol (SCEP), and Apple Business Manager (ABM) [certificate and key configuration](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/docs/Contributing/Configuration-for-contributors.md#mobile-device-management-mdm) are deprecated as of Fleet 4.51. They are maintained for backwards compatibility. Please upload your APNs certificate and ABM token. Learn how [here](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/mdm-setup).

Reviewer: I think we should keep the version tag in the URL, this should fix it:

```suggestion
> The Apple Push Notification service (APNs), Simple Certificate Enrollment Protocol (SCEP), and Apple Business Manager (ABM) [certificate and key configuration](https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/fleet-v4.51.0/docs/Contributing/Configuration-for-contributors.md#mobile-device-management-mdm) are deprecated as of Fleet 4.51. They are maintained for backwards compatibility. Please upload your APNs certificate and ABM token. Learn how [here](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/mdm-setup).
```
